add rna merge scripts (#2)
d3b-center/d3b-bixu-data-assembly: scripts/merge_rsem/README.md

# Merge rsem files

### Description

> - The folder scripts are orginal written by @kgaonkar6 from here: https://github.com/d3b-center/ngs_assembly_rna/tree/main/analyses/merge_rsem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modified from [here](https://github.com/d3b-center/ngs_assembly_rna/tree/main/analyses/merge_rsem) to use within cwl workflow
```
